[Music]
uh
hello so lovely to meet you in this new
context
that's sister zelda will be teaching
ancient tongues and sacred scriptures
as candidate for top boy the academy
recognizes nicholas scratch
i'd like the opportunity to contribute
to the academy in a meaningful way i
nominate sabrina spellman
indeed the academy recognizes sabrina
spellman
who will join nicolas scratch in three
challenges of witchcraft
actually guys it's theo now
sounds good this is not within the rules
of the challenge neither is sending
demons to attack
and kill me father be done
we command you to speak your names aloud
yes
i am
future high priestess of the church of
night
sabrina will be my herald my prophet on
earth but the dark lord visited me last
night
to do his but
how can that be miss wardwell i haven't
done anything wrong in fact
oh my gosh
[Music]
why are you doing this punishing salem
are you making raw sick too you denied
me
what do you want i want you
to burn a building
harvey and i have been hanging out
and well he asked me to go to the
sweethearts dance with him harvey and i
are over
for real this time i'm i'm sort of
dating someone new
yes i told you i'd be back in time for
valentine's day everything you know
about that man that was just
here you mean your fiance
adam
i can't know
turtle dove hearts
fostus you're proposing marriage some
years ago
i came upon an occult tome and
possessed by an incubus that i can't get
rid of
i can't see i can't see anything
nick are you my boyfriend
well i hope so
it's about young lucas we've lost him
i'm afraid
he died in service to the dark lord
will you honor him his memory
by taking his place in the judas society
with our new testament
the tenets of which you already know the
five facets of
judas as lilith served satan so
must witches serve warlocks it's my
father's manifesto
as lilith was the mother of demons so
all witches must be revered as the
matriarchs of the church of night
my parents were flying to meet with the
antipope to present these tenets
in the hopes of reforming the church of
knights spellman
oh child
your father was a great learned high
priest
i will retire to my chambers and
consider
both doctrines the mortal is a
distraction
get rid of him lilith
prudence
[Music]
to control you perhaps
then i believe it was he who killed the
antipope
you i'm surmising were merely his
instrument i realized you'd stop at
nothing to claim what you think is yours
and that is how i know you
are at heart prudence blackwood
sabrina what are you saying he killed my
father and mother and i believe he
killed the antipope too
black would die
i'd like you to wear this ring but you
must never
ever take it off cousin has been thrown
in the witch's cell for his treasonous
crimes
she and nicholas have been expelled
fastest and i were just married in his
office
the entire academy of which is to
evangelize you'll never get in there
though
tibet and mary
i will consider it the cunning showed me
he wants to kill you you need to get out
of your house
right now they call themselves the
innocents
only storm dorian's is now trapped in
one of his paintings
dessert is your reward for saying yes to
tibet
how did that get in there
did you really think you could deceive
me
there is no escape to tibbett
[Music]
we are divine we are angels
it was you wasn't it stella's
shot through with arrows
[Music]
you're gonna be just fine
we have to batten down the hatchets
until aunt zelda gets back from my
honeymoon my execution
i'm your auntie pop now miss bellman you
will address me
as your unholy eminence interim
anti-pope
faustus mr spellman and mr scratch may
roam the school but ambrose spellman
must return to his cell
i think father blackwood must have put
her under when they were on their
honeymoon i cannot
spell the warlocks used to use on their
wives when they've got a bit of petite
it turns them into somnambulism
[Music]
satan and hell what am i wearing if you
want my cousin dead so badly father
blackwood why don't you do it yourself
enough
i'm pro pro-spelman is spared
so hereby stripped of your title of
interim antipope
i'm the herald of hell you ever heard of
the mandrake spell
it would likely mean that you would lose
all of your witch powers
rendering you essentially mortals
immediately kill it thereby
releasing those energies up into the
universe i know how it goes
once that happens it will be impossible
for me to initiate the apocalypse
the witch's council has turned its back
on us
we are now the church of judas ward
whatever do you mean sabrina jesse
putnam's exorcism
resurrecting tommy going to limbo you've
been leading me down the path of
darkness
all in the name of some prophecy
petition no
traitor i'm going to find and kill my
double
and then i'll be back to kill you you
said baby judas had consumed his twin
please just
give me the babe you stole my daughter
she will be espoused to
brother judas prophecy
and once he walks on earth the girl will
rule at his side
and the new dawn will begin
[Music]
to complete the prophecy kill yourself
i'll go to the council they'll help us
end this lunacy
the end of days is upon us the dark lord
will walk the earth in his true form and
he will sit
by his side and rule talking to sabrina
let us help
let us find the gates of hell at least
your church of judas exists only to
exalt
me and now sabrina spellman
you will blow the horn of gabriel for me
the dark lord
asked me to get close to you but then i
really did fall in love with you
edward spelman isn't your father
i am upon the church of judas
in his name
i've relieved them of their earthly
bindings
poison wherever you go i will find you
and please please save my sisters
what happens poison that means
sabrina morningstar and queen of hell
hail sabrina hello every sabrina
spellman who
the human body flesh and bones
mr scratch's body we'd all be doomed
what will it be like for nick in hell
i'll take good care of him
i restore to you all your witch
abilities
my father won't be as easy to fight or
to kill
perhaps we're the church of lilith now
i don't know but as high priestess i'll
figure it out
be my other present from lot left
getting my favorite teacher back let's
go to hell
and get my boyfriend back